Welcome new Collaborator to Silent Radiance Distance Disco


Everything is set up for you to use the system to play a radio station, and eventually join up with 
our store our yours!


We can do this one of two ways - we can give you administrator rights or not.


Here ia the instructions for someone WITH administrator rights.


You have your own virtual server, which is used to play the radio station.

It is at    rnb.killercool.net

Now, this server can be moved, copied, transferred, or duplicated as your needs grow. 
But its just a server.

It runs xubuntu 18.04 - which is a good linux distribution.

Think of this as the distance disco "studio".

This is where you place the songs, via sftp, or using scp, ssh,  vncviewer.

(Or in windows, Secure frp, pscp, putty, xming).



OK - your user on rnb.killercool.net is kim

Your password is xxxxxx

and there is a shared graphical window using vnc, available as vnc over ssh. This has a shared password known to you and me.
We can collaborate on this graphical window if need be.

What I do on linux is the following:

ssh kim@rnb.killercool.net
	(asks for password)
xxxxxx
	( has a $ prompt)
vncviewer localhost
	(asks for a password)
yyyyy



The visual window, and all programs are run using the admin user z.  z had the programs running, and can install software or manage things.
If you dont like visualm you can always use
ssh z@rnb.killercool.net
	(asks for a password)
xxxxxx


In the z users home area (/home/z),   there is a subdirectory called sr.
Under sr is playlist1
Under playlist1 is a file called user.dat, and a subdirectory called kim

/home/z/sr/playlist1/kim
 - or -
~/sr/playlist1/kim


many programs automatically run via two windows in the graphical interface. The yellow window is playing the songs.
The blue window is transmitting the stream to the web server rnb.silentradiance.com.


The yellow window program can stop at any time,  and there are ways to transmit other stuff, such as youtube, cd;s, or 
one can do a voiceover, etc.  

The songs are currently selected randomly.

---------------- Troubleshooting ----------

If the server disconnects or goofs up, the easiest way to fix it is just reboot this server.  It hanles all the stuff.

You need the z password. currently the z password is set to 
zzzzzz

So to reboot:

ssh z@rnb.killercool.net
	(asks for password)
zzzzzz
	(Prompt appears)
sudo reboot
	(asks for password)
zzzzzz







-------------------------------------------------------------

rnb.killercool.net is the back end. You can make other users to send data here, but I wouldn't share your passwords with them.

This server is not backed up,    but themusic EVENTUALLY will be on other servers to do the store, demo videos, stuff like that.

Currently there is no hookup to the database.  We can do that once things roll along.
The station can, with the database, make an RIAA report -  I made ot to do this, not because I intended to stream statuatory audio,
but to provide proff that the streaming sogs are all licensed inder direct copyright.

This can be anabled, and the log files generated can track everything, so - were pretty good.

But the "studio" computer is only one part of the report;  the other report comes from the web server(s).

Anyways, no database right now, just files

----------------------------------------------------------------


Folder hierarchy
   this hierarchy is important to get right in the beginning, but it can be adjusted.
   Generally it is something like
   kim/LabelName/LC0123_-_ARTISTS_-ALBUM_NAME /01 - artist(s) - songname.dat

   when the song is playing,  a program attempts to interpret this into code and places that into a songs.dat file.
   songs.dat is updated while the yellow programs are run, but eventually stabilizes out. It is a vertical bar delimited (|)
   file, and can be modified by a text file, or spreadhseet and brought back.
   
   Also, if the database is used, changes in the database can be brought back to clean up the songs.dat file.
   this file is used to generate the "MTV" title when people click on "Disco Info" on the application.
   
Once in place, it is best not to move the song, because that filename is a primary key in the database.









---------------------------------

OK, the other account:


rnb.silentradiance.com is a web server I own, which hosts many websites.  The programs to receive the studio information and play it back 
are here.  Also, a store can be set up to demo and sell the songs bring played.  Can you say "impulse buy?"

The database stuff is not set up yet, but can be as we progress. So the home page just lets you hear the music from the web (experimental - 
works only on certain browsers and fast computers - and eventually bogs down).


You do not have web access to this account.

But you have sftp, scp, and ssh access to put your own web site design up.


Generally for the rest of silent radiance, I have a home built system, that can handle languages, different types of platforms, and does minimal tracking 
of the user.

--------------------------------------
To get access: ssh -p 26 kim@rnb.silentradiance.com
	(password is prompted)
xxxxxx


here there is a directory link w that points to the home directory for your website.
You may change it at will, or adopt the stroe I have - because my store is also -- open source.

We can partner with my database, or you can use your own at one point. I downt know.

-----------------------------------------


Too Long;didn't read
-------------------------------------
Read it again, and ask questions.  I can collaborate with team viewer, or using that graphical window on the server.

$Revision: 1.1 $






